Adds approx guild count and get self application endpoint (#5971)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Application.md

| summary *(deprecated)*             | string                                                                     | **deprecated and will be removed in v11.** An empty string.                                                                                                                 |
| verify_key                         | string                                                                     | the hex encoded key for verification in interactions and the GameSDK's [GetTicket](#DOCS_GAME_SDK_APPLICATIONS/getticket)                                                   |
| team                               | ?[team](#DOCS_TOPICS_TEAMS/data-models-team-object) object                 | if the application belongs to a team, this will be a list of the members of that team                                                                                       |

> | guild_id?                          | snowflake                                                                  | guild associated with the bot. For example a developer support server.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| guild_id?                          | snowflake                                                                  | guild associated with the bot, e.g. a developer support server                                                                                                       |
```

> | guild_id?                          | snowflake                                                                  | guild associated with the bot. For example a developer support server.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| guild_id?                          | snowflake                                                                  | guild associated with the app. For example, a developer support server.                                                                                                     |
```

| primary_sku_id?                    | snowflake                                                                  | if this application is a game sold on Discord, this field will be the id of the "Game SKU" that is created, if exists                                                       |
| slug?                              | string                                                                     | if this application is a game sold on Discord, this field will be the URL slug that links to the store page                                                                 |
| cover_image?                       | string                                                                     | the application's default rich presence invite [cover image hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting)                                                                         |
| flags?                             | integer                                                                    | the application's public [flags](#DOCS_RESOURCES_APPLICATION/application-object-application-flags)                                                                          |

> | approximate_guild_count?           | integer                                                                    | an approximate count of the bots guild membership.                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| approximate_guild_count?           | integer                                                                    | an approximate count of the guilds the bot was added to                                                                                                                         |
```

Reviewer 3: "an application" doesn't really match the rest, it should be "the application", like how the current docs say "the bots"

Author: either way it's not a count of app membership, just bot.

Reviewer 4: maybe something like `an approximate count of the guilds the bot was added to`

> | approximate_guild_count?           | integer                                                                    | an approximate count of the bots guild membership.                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
| approximate_guild_count?           | integer                                                                    | an approximate count of the bot's guild membership.                                                                                                                          |
```
"bots" is a possessive and should have an apostrophe.

> | approximate_guild_count?           | integer                                                                    | an approximate count of the bot's guild membership.                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| approximate_guild_count?           | integer                                                                    | an approximate count of the app's guild membership.                                                                                                                          |
```

| ----------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| scopes      | array of strings | the [scopes](#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/shared-resources-oauth2-scopes) to add the application to the server with |
| permissions | string           | the [permissions](#DOCS_TOPICS_PERMISSIONS) to request for the bot role                                    |

> ## Get Current Bot Application Information % GET /applications/@me

Reviewer 6: Hey there, what is going to happen to the [`/oauth2/applications/@me`](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2#get-current-bot-application-information) route? Is it still going to be supported, or is it going to be deprecated and eventually replaced with this route?

Reviewer 4: Nothing changes here. It was just not documented.

> ## Get Current Bot Application Information % GET /applications/@me

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Get Current Application % GET /applications/@me
```

> Returns the bot's [application](#DOCS_RESOURCES_APPLICATION/application-object) object.

Reviewer 4: Would add a note that the info returned from this endpoint is partial/different from the oauth2 route

> Returns the bot's [application](#DOCS_RESOURCES_APPLICATION/application-object) object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the [application](#DOCS_RESOURCES_APPLICATION/application-object) object associated with the requesting bot user.
```
